0:00
Yeah okay so yeah here what's up adam, how are you doing?

0:05
I'm good, how are you wanting?

0:07
I'm doing fine.

0:08
So what's up how you been doing?

0:10
How's college going?

0:11
We're good.

0:13
The major in psychology is going well very major in psychology Yeah what did you do in college?

0:23
So Yeah I mean I did chemical engineering actually how psychology like I've always I always felt like I wanted to like I think everyone feels like they have some kind of expertise in that area.

0:38
I don't know at least I feel like okay I know a little bit about how the human mind works because I've been there so and that's like one of the tougher parts of it is that it will sometimes seem like common sense so like you'll be learning something in a class and it's like yeah like that's really easy to understand but in reality it's it's like it's a lot deeper in some areas than than you would even think kind of at the surface level so but I I really enjoyed it.

1:12
It teaches you a lot about like introspection and and all that stuff kind of paying attention to yourself and being able to I don't know like like all colleges work on communication and stuff and so that's just what that that's what it does to its I don't really use too much of it now though which is kind of unfortunate I wish that I would have done something like statistics or I'm sure that there is some statistics there right like I mean psychology like to test a lot of your theories, you have to have that kind of thing, like there's no way there certainly is and you do have like there's even a little bit of coding so like that was the first coding class that I took was coding for psychologists and it's like you code experiments to test certain psychological aspects, you know on a computer, you you run test subjects through a computer to run an experiment and that's the very first coding class that I took.

2:12
So so yeah, it started out a drink but that course to help you understand yourself better, like you feel like you're more comfortable in your own skin sort of like I mean I don't know if you weren't before but like no.

2:25
Yeah.

2:26
I think for me, one of the reasons why I was drawn to psychology was because I had already like learned a lot about myself and I was I knew myself pretty well and because I think I knew myself pretty well, I wanted to know other people to like to the same extent, I wanted to understand other people, it was just a really interesting or maybe it was the other way around where I was interested in other people, so I had to learn about myself first but whichever, whichever came first, the chicken or the egg.

2:57
it doesn't matter and and yeah we ultimately just kind of got there and it certainly didn't help me, I don't know if it like philosophy maybe helps you kind of think for yourself a little bit more but yeah but what like chemical engineering so tell me a little bit about what's chemical engineering like an idea.

3:18
Oh yes, so chemical engineering is I mean I don't know if you studied a lot of chemistry in your high school or like and physics and then a lot of math so it's basically like so is this field where you need to be first of all it's a feel that you can't really practice that easily.

3:38
So I think that's the first thing like the reason my in in the college that I had I was like the equipment was really old, like it was like 54 years old.

3:47
So we and the thing is like doing an experiment in chemical engine takes a lot of time.

3:53
I know I'm kind of starting from the end and then coming back here but what I'm trying to say is like like for example for like being a data scientist, what do you need?

4:03
You need a laptop, you literally need a laptop KGB them and you can go on the other things but by yourself like literally depends on how much are you willing to put in and what are the other responsibilities you have but for Chemical engineering I think like it depends heavily on like the place you're working at.

4:22
Like do they have facilities, do they have?

4:26
I think I think professors are an important thing because it's a very difficult subject to understand and you need a lot of at least for me like for someone who is not particularly interested in chemical engineering like I took it because like I like chemistry a lot and I was like okay let me use chemistry like and apply it do like a lot of feels so some of the applications so like for example like in terms of chemical engineering what what do you what do you end up doing?

4:53
Like you can either end up like trying to you can go into like the pharmaceutical area where you're trying to like develop drugs that you know like do a better job or like do it faster like kind of react with your body like a lot faster you can do you can go into like the process you know in the process sideway like you're designing process flows to like make certain products products like fuels and like other chemical products like petroleum jelly and then like creams and all of those, all of those products you can go into designing that and then like and you can obviously get into petroleum like that's definitely another thing you can do but some of the sites like some of the things that you can't get into.

5:40
I mean some things you can also get into that not a lot of people know is like, like you can get into things that probably we would normally associate with a mechanical engineer.

5:51
Like mechanical engineer works with cars with machines and all of those things.

5:54
Right?

5:55
So chemical entering has a lot of that as well.

5:57
Like if you want to like design aerodynamics of God, you can certainly do that because that's something you'll be taught when you're doing something.

6:04
So it's actually really it's really really broad field and like even even something as simple as like okay how does the washing machine or like a dryer actually dry your clothes?

6:17
So what's the rate of drying, how does it dry?

6:20
Like what do you expect like what are the different courses that are taking place?

6:23
All of those things?

6:25
Like so the science behind that also comes from like chemical engineering.

6:30
And it's mostly like to learn that you need to know physics.

6:33
I ain't no math really well because everything is going by certain equations of like fluid flow.

6:37
So so I found it really tough because first of all like I think the the problem is like you need really good cross like for me at least like the personally I think I need really good professors were interested as well.

6:53
I mean like and in India it's very different like I don't know if you have any idea of how it's like in India like people.

7:00
So like in India it's like it's all about like, you know like most of the people are poor.

7:05
They're so like a lot of people just want to make some money.

7:08
So most of the time they're doing a job because that's what will get them the most money.

7:13
Not because particularly they'll enjoy doing it.

7:17
So for example, like a professor's like if you if you want to be a professor, it's like that it's easy to do it because not a lot of people want to be professor because it doesn't pay a lot, right?

7:27
So so generally the quality professors you get there even in like top top colleges.

7:32
So like I couldn't collect the top 10 college in India, right?

7:34
So that that's that's like pretty good like for me like for my potential, I think I am max on my potential that so And like I was like the 99%.

7:45
So like I beat 99% of people in India, like another like 15, like 1.2 million people writing the exam over here.

7:52
So so and of course like I had like a lot of advantages in terms of like my financial backing and everything, but still still getting there is pretty tough and you know like and then like everyone's going to the college to get a better job.

8:06
So people choose colleges based on like that the like how much, sorry they get at the end of it, right?

8:12
So and and the professors that like there's no there's no reason that the professors also have to be good, like it's not like the better colleges, you have better professors or anything, it's like the good professors are there out of interest and even like the like teaching and they like doing business, But most of like 90% of them are just there because like that's the best, they got.

8:34
you know, in terms of like salary.

8:37
So to get like get like really good cross and really get like a good, like you have to be very lucky to do that or you have to like drive it by yourself, right?

8:48
And you have to do everything yourself, develop your interest, your passion and it has to be your life.

8:53
So that's why I didn't work out for me, that's why I decided to switch fields.

8:57
So yeah, I mean that's right.

8:59
Well because you said that is like homeschooling is homeschooling something that people will often do in India, You know, like you just like where your parents or somebody or a close friend kind of teaches all the subjects, homeschooling is actually like something that's actually unheard of in India like that.

9:16
Something like so so things things where India is like the way information spreads is through families, like, so, so okay, so basically let's I mean to do something new, you have to be really, really brave.

9:29
All right?

9:30
So in terms of like even something like doing like, okay, I'm, I'm leaving school and I'm just gonna stay at home and I'm going to like, I'm just going to, study by myself.

9:39
I'm not going to school anymore because I don't want to go there.

9:41
Right?

9:42
So there's a lot of resistance to do that.

9:45
It's not, you're not flexible because like your parents, like, I mean most of the time your parents will be something like they will be like, okay, why are you leaving it?

9:53
What makes you think prove it to me that you can actually do the same thing that you did in school and then you have to like, you really have to convince your parents and at that point of life like, and your parents don't believe you at all.

10:05
They think you're a kid and you are stupid like, and like you don't know what you're doing.

10:10
You make dumb decisions so we're going to make the decisions for you and we don't care whether you like it or not.

10:16
Right For most of the part.

10:17
Like for like, like, okay, whether I want to play like football or soccer or whatever, like that's a they don't care that much about it.

10:25
Like as long as I'm scoring well in exams, they don't cook it for what I realized.

10:29
So, so, and like I have to do with an example, like, I think the thing about India is like if you do an exam to get a good job and you get good money and you're happy.

10:38
That's that's that's the way it is because it's just like my exams is everything like that's just the way that it is.

10:44
Oh yeah.

10:45
Oh yeah.

10:46
And if you see like if you've noticed on it, like there are, if you people who are asking about the example matt and how things are most of the time that the indians most of the time they'll be indian in terms of like, because they really think that like if I do an exam, so you get a better job, like there's like a huge correlation back home in India.

11:06
And the thing is like, I've been like I've been lucky enough to have parents who don't believe that like they're like because they have not done that like that they're not done well in exams and they're so pretty successful.

11:19
That's what, that's what they do.

11:20
So, so I'm lucky in a way that I'm not like caught up in that whole like rat race of like getting more marks and like, you know, just so my parents always told me to focus on what I like doing.

11:32
Thank you.

11:33
And if it was soccer actually I really love playing soccer.

11:36
Really, really was very very good at it in terms of studies indians, one of that was really good at it and in fact, even here when I played with some of the americans, I felt like I could, you know, if I had a little bit of practice, like two months of training I think I feel like it really shine here but I think like I think like doing professionally is not something that is complete if he is, but right now it's a little deeper, it's it's it's pretty tough to do that and like injuries like ankle injury prone to get injured like staying at home itself.

12:07
Yeah.

12:09
Yeah, exactly.

12:11
I keep doing that stuff so yeah, it's like, it's really, really tough to like do what you really like in India because like there's so much pressure like and everything is considered to have a leg if you're doing something unorthodox.

12:25
Certainly like I think they are, you're like, it just seemed like an outcast.

12:31
You don't feel it that way.

12:32
But I mean it's not like that strong like your friends, this will be your friends and stuff.

12:36
But so what are like the highest companies?

12:40
Like what, like what?

12:41
Well, so you said people kind of, if you if you mentioned that you like we're working for professional sports team here in the States or like or like, you know, how would that compare back home because you mentioned like your family is a big deal and families big deal in general in India like are they just like hoping that you just get a good job and stuff.

13:00
Are they like, you know, go to google or you know, come back home or something like what's that kind of like, So like is it like either get like the best I just come back I think like nothing like,, it's not like that.

13:15
Like, I think like the reason like a lot of us come here is because like, even like even if you're an average guy, you'll be well off here, even if your like average, you're good, like you're decent at your job, You know what you're doing and you can just do it.

13:28
You don't have to be exceptional hey.

13:30
Yeah, you can get a decent salary and that's way more that you learn in India.

13:34
So, so the reason people come here, there's like primarily primarily because of territorial investment.

13:40
So, and of course like, like it's, you know, like in our system, it's like, we know how to do well in like academic settings if you're here, like if you, if you at least got into like a top college or something, we know how to do it.

13:56
Like it's just in the school, like, I think our schooling system is incredible.

14:00
Like in terms of like how they teach you and how they like make you serious about your life in a way, I think that's, that's really good.

14:09
Like that really force you to like do well in exams and like, and in a way that also teaches you its own level of discipline and once you start doing well in exams, like you realize, okay, this can actually help me, like it teaches you a lot of other things like doing one examines the same thing, like doing anything else, like you have to be focused consistent and discipline.

14:27
So I think that teaches you a lot.

14:29
So I think like in the other people are very serious about like even school, they're like in school the competition is very tough and it's like, and it's enjoyable long too.

14:39
I guess in some ways, I don't know how it is the house making and it's, I feel like the biggest difference is that like school doesn't necessarily, I think that that the perception that you need to go to college and you in order to get a good job has changed.

14:59
I think that that's changing because there's so there's so many online places linked in learning you.

15:05
To me, there's so many places that you can pick up valuable skills that are probably are more valuable than going to a A college level, you know, philosophy class, you know, you can go and spend, you know, 40 hours learning sequel on online and it's better for you.

15:24
Like in in some cases, especially in my case like that, I wish that I would have gotten that kind of focus as opposed to, you know, doing all the general education classes in college, it feels like kind of a waste at some point.

15:38
But yeah, I mean the other thing that comes to mind is like the entrepreneurial entrepreneurial mindset of a lot of like, like small businesses in the US, you can make a lot of money just by opening like a small regional grocery store at places where there's a need, you know, you open three grocery stores and you're good and that's just like your business, you just, you just do something Exactly.

16:04
The one caveat I think is that sometimes people view that if you just work hard it'll work out and that's not the case, like that's that's that's that's a very lazy way in my opinion of looking at it because you also need to get lucky.

16:19
You also need, you know, a good support system, you need you know, you need the economy to be okay while you're working hard.

16:28
whereas at some point in time it's just not, it's just not meant to be and it's just, it's just really tough to kind of get your feet under you and especially if you come from a poorer family, which it sounds like it's maybe less of a problem here in the US than than it is in India but it can still be a problem if if you just kind of have that generation after generation, you can't really get on your feet, so that's actually that's one of the upsides I think of kind of distributing knowledge in the US or, and I mean everywhere, probably there's more knowledge and it's easier to require and everything, so yeah, overall and yeah, I think the, I think all problems in India and India is a really good place to stay.

17:14
Like Gosselin's very low, I think like the reason I came was not actually cause the money, because I was learning quite a bit that night, so I was only enough for me to like live more than comfortable.

17:25
I have like, so I was getting bored and I think like I was just getting born and I wanted a new experience and a lot of my friends are here and they were saying like I was great and my dad was always like for us after underground, like don't stay here, but he didn't allow me to go to us for my undergrad because he felt like that's also like a good learning experience, even though it was like not a great experience, it was, I learned a lot from it.

17:48
Like, I don't know, I can't quantify it.

17:51
What?

17:52
Yeah, it's a little crazy.

17:55
Yeah.

17:57
so you want to get down to the action items today?

18:00
Sure.

18:00
Yeah, so I think Ishaan can take care of the first two slides of the presentation.

18:09
Yeah, I think, I think that would be good and then like the both of us, you can like meet and discuss the next steps on the back end, like what do on the court and like hard to improve it and how to optimize it.

18:21
I think that makes sense.

18:24
I think additionally, Rhea can draw up the initial version of the flyer for the meeting tomorrow too.

18:30
Yeah, I think like she's done that before and it makes sense.

18:34
So and like and like finally having Ariana, she can review the front end of the entire project and see how well it's holding up right now.

18:45
All right.

18:45
Thank you.

18:46
I think that'll be a good start.

18:48
Yeah.

18:48
That that should be a good start.

18:49
And then we can meet later on to the side how we're doing and then discuss on the next step.

18:57
Perfect.

18:59
All right.

19:00
I'm just gonna stop the recording right now.

19:02
Should I stop it or not?

19:03
Like just let having and stuff.